You are tasked with providing four examples of
key defense in depth security points for an organization.
It has one headquarters location that contains all of the on-premises server hardware,
three branch offices that connect to
the headquarters facility for email and other applications,
a minimal cloud infrastructure that is contacted by customers as well as employees,
a workforce with laptops,
workstations, and a mix of Windows and Mac.
Let's see how you did.
Here are six examples, let's go through them.
The headquarters location would need a larger,
more powerful firewall to handle the additional traffic from the branch offices.
If the primary infrastructure is located at the headquarters,
controlled access to the server room is a necessity.
The server infrastructure, both on-prem and cloud,
will require proper permissions given their purpose and operating system.
The workforce is using laptops,
which implies several things,
encryption of the hard disk,
VPN access, and perhaps a cloud-based antivirus are needed.
The branch offices will utilize a firewall and likely secured wireless.
An audit of the cloud infrastructure to ensure no public access exist must be completed.
It's fine if you didn't come up with the same list.
There are many options to choose from.